Week 1
I used ai to help me creating project ideas with claude ai. I asked the ai to create project ideas for our topic which is digital archive management system. It created a couple of different suggestions that I will run by with my group the next time we meet up. Here is the url with the questions I asked https://claude.ai/chat/dd15d296-3660-4cdd-be2c-0c710c0de3bd. 

Week 2
I continued to use ai to help create project idead with claude. I continued to ask ai to create project ideas like last week but gave it key words to try to condense the ideas. I used ai to help me creating project ideas with claude ai. I asked the ai to create project ideas for our topic which is digital archive management system. It created a couple of different suggestions that I will run by with my group the next time we meet up. Here is the url with the questions I asked https://claude.ai/chat/dd15d296-3660-4cdd-be2c-0c710c0de3bd. 
I also used ChatGPT to help grade and edit a rough draft of mine to make it better.


Week 3

I used ai to help me in another class based on SQL to fix a code I was getting errors with and trying to clean the code up. I inserted my code into it and asked for it to review my code and fix my errors and tell me how to make it mroe clear. https://chatgpt.com/c/68d9ebe4-ec84-8333-9dbd-cd2f8c9e7624


Week 4

I used ai for an assignment in my english class for a discussion showing the different responses from ai and human based responses. I gave the ai a prompt and a language for a way I wanted the ai to respond to the prompt then I had to compare it to my original response to the prompt and find the differences in human responses and ai responses. https://claude.ai/chat/fcb6dfc2-e512-4068-9329-4a187a7865b7

Week 5

This week I used ai to help create ideas for our group project, Function Library, and to help with assignents in another class. For the group poject I used ai to help create a rating system for the books we plan on adding into our data base. This allow for you pick a book and it would ask you to enter a number 1-5 to rate the book then save it. Some of the prompts I used was to ask how would I conceptually write a code that would add the rating system for the books in our database.  I did this because I was struggling to get the pop up question to import the 1-5 rating. From this I learned that ai can be extremly benefical when writing code and helping create ideas for how to code an idea that you have. I have made the decision to ask ai to help make the code for a entry level python coder so I can understand what it is doing but also to look out for tools that I dont know that I can use in the future. 

Week 7

This week I used ai to help troubleshoot some of the classes I was creating for the project 2 assignment. I also used it when making all of the classes that my group made and got help on how to make them integrated together to make them work well. I also used it in my english class to help with making infographics for an assignment.
